Week 2 
This week I have made a readme file along with html, css and javascript files and have started to impliment some code, I have made and styled a button with html and css and I am planning to use javascript to make an aspect of it change when it is pressed by he user.
As well as that I created a folder within my repository for some of the example code we have been given in lectures so I can refer back to it for help if needed at any point.

Week 3
This week I have a scrolling title to my main page, I have also created an automatic slideshow of pictures using JavaScript and the text on my button now changes when it is clicked. I have also just added dragable items, my goal for next week is to make a place for them to be dropped into. I have also added some other lecture examples about arrays. I now have seperate folder for imagaes I will be using throughout the semester to keep them seperate and my repository organised.

Week 4
So far this week I have added in a popup box for when you first open up the website to make the user accept any cookies for the website. I have added some revison questions from the slides.

Week 5
This week I have changed the draggable boxes to be able to drag and drop a photo I have also got the popup cookie box working for when the user first opens up the webpage. I have editied a lot of the colours for the buttons and have made the text and background colours change when they are hovered over. I also added a nav bar where at some point i will make other pages to link to my main one.

Week 6
This week I have added in a jQuery example and an XML structure example so I know what it is supposed to look like I also realised i had chnaged an ID causing my button to not change text so I fixed that.

Week 7
This week I have added in a new page which includes a form using local storage and i have also added a dropdown menu on my main page which has colours to choose from I am going to make it so the user can select one and it will make the background colour change.

Week 8
This week I have added a favicon to both my pages along with fixing the dropdown menu that allows the user to select the background colour of the page. I have also added some more lecture examples for simple things in NodeJS and mySQL.

Week 9



Week 10


Week 11


Week 12

